CSS Selectors:
how many tyes of selectors are their in css? what are they?
   We can divide CSS selectors into five categories:
   Simple selectors (select elements based on name, id, class)
   Combinator selectors (select elements based on a specific relationship between them)
   Pseudo-class selectors (select elements based on a certain state)
   Pseudo-elements selectors (select and style a part of an element)
   Attribute selectors (select elements based on an attribute or attribute value)
whatis the CSS element Selector?
   The element selector selects HTML elements based on the element name.
what is The CSS id Selector ?
   The id selector uses the id attribute of an HTML element to select a specific element.
   The id of an element is unique within a page, so the id selector is used to select one unique element!
   To select an element with a specific id, write a hash (#) character, followed by the id of the element.
what is the  CSS class Selector ?
   The class selector selects HTML elements with a specific class attribute.
   To select elements with a specific class, write a period (.) character, followed by the class name.
what is The CSS Universal Selector ?
   The universal selector (*) selects all HTML elements on the page
waht is The CSS Grouping Selector ?
   The grouping selector selects all the HTML elements with the same style definitions.
   Look at the following CSS code (the h1, h2, and p elements have the same style definitions):

when should i go for element selector?
  when we want to apply same colour to the entire pargaraph we go for element selector.
what is the draw back of element selector?
  the draw back of element selector is we canot add any other color , to add other color we need to choose  the particulare element.
what is the advantage of selector?
  the adavntage of elemnent selector is we can write  one syntax and add color to the entire paragraph.
when to  go for class selector?
  we go for class selector to select the specific element.
when to  go for id selector? 
  we go for id selector to select the one unique element.
how to add css to html ?
  we can add css to html by using inline css,internal css,externalcss,but mostly we use external css
Among three selector which one can be applicable?
  among three selectors id selecor is applicable because its a unique selector.
if we apply styling using element,id,class selectors to a html element which one will apply to the html element ?